chore: readme (#70)
antfu/vitesse: README.md

As this template is strongly opinionated, the following provides a curated list for community maintained variations with different preferences and feature sets. Check them out as well. PR to add yours are also welcome!

- [vitesse-lite](https://github.com/kn0wn/vitesse-lite) by [@kn0wn](https://github.com/kn0wn)

> - [vitesse-addons](https://github.com/JohnCampionJr/vitesse-addons) by [johncampionjr](https://github.com/johncampionjr) - shows some aditional options for integration into a Vitesse setup, including [Prettier](https://prettier.io) and [Storybook](https://storybook.js.org)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [vitesse-addons](https://github.com/JohnCampionJr/vitesse-addons) by [johncampionjr](https://github.com/johncampionjr) - additional options for integrations, including [Prettier](https://prettier.io) and [Storybook](https://storybook.js.org)
```
